He's just a country beggar
How is that possible?
Mr. Yang, there is no way he can become a world champion
He's a stinky vegetable grower
How is that possible?
You still don't believe it
Is your biological daughter so outstanding?
I'll tell you what.
The reason I sent you 200 million contract
That's because...
Mr. Lin and his classmates are upright
Won't accept my heart
How is that possible?
He can't be that good
What's not possible?
Otherwise, you think it's just your little shitty company
A little boss
What qualifications do you have to cooperate with me?
I'll tell you what.
You could have been a poor girl
Standing behind Lin
Enjoy the inexhaustible glory
But you broke off the mother-daughter relationship with him.
I'm sorry.
You have nothing left.
Impossible Impossible at all
Just like him
How can you break the world record?
What a sin
It's all you guys who don't make trouble for me, hahaha.
Why are you hitting me?
I misunderstood my precious granddaughter
Liu Huiqian
You must
Give me my precious granddaughter, please come back